>> Scott Moss: Let's dive into it.
So evals, honestly,
this could be a course by itself, and
it would last a week, and
still wouldn't be that good.
[LAUGH] It's just really hard stuff but
it's necessary, you have to do eval.
So what are evals?
TLDR, and I know people who are in
data science or machine learning or
LLMOps, when they hear this,
they're gonna cringe, but TLDR,
evals are essentially tests for
your LLMS, right?
So that's the best way
I can describe it but
not exactly, you use it for
testing your LLMS.
Imagine writing a test for a function and
the function returned a date,
but the way that the function got
the date was using math.random,
and the test was supposed to
test what the date was gonna be.
How would you write tests for that?
You really couldn't, and
that's what it's like testing an LLM
because it's non-deterministic.
There's a bunch of randomness
associated with it, so
you can't write deterministic tests
to get an output to some degree.
So that's where evals come in.
So evals not only help us test
the outputs of our systems, but
also the accuracy, the quality and not
just the output but all the moving parts,
once we talk about RAG,
there's retrieval, there's hallucination.
There's so many things that you can test,
the moving parts of your
agent-based system.
And I would say a lot of the research
that's happening today in
this space is around evals, it's around
new metrics that people are discovering.
How to discover, how to plan,
how to execute these things,
how to improve once you run evals.
This is a team of people,
this is their job to do this, so
I also recommend if you're looking for
a new skill to pick up to be relevant and
the job force of tomorrow,
this is the skill, in my opinion.
This is one of those skills that I
think if you knew very well, yeah,
you would be highly valuable on a team
because everybody's gonna be using LLMS.
And I promise you, if your team doesn't
know how to use LLMS and you go grab
OpenAI and you do a wrapper around it, you
put it in production, it's gonna be bad.
It's gonna be really bad, and you're gonna
have to figure out how to improve it and
this is the next thing
you're gonna have to do.
So they're gonna want someone
who can do this already,
because there really aren't any all-in-one
platforms that will do this for
you and improve it, so this is a very
critical skill, in my opinion.
Unlike testing, yeah, cool, maybe you
don't like writing, test, and react.
Yeah, you probably could still get a job,
no one's gonna hire you unless you're QA,
no one's gonna hire you cuz you can
write good just tests, but evals, no,
that would be your whole job.
That would literally be your
whole job is just to do this.
All right, enough ranting about that, so
I talked about the challenges
of evaluations.
Yeah, it's non-deterministic for
the most part,
so how do you write tests against that?
And then let's talk about
the different types of evaluations.
So you have what I call
the automated evaluations
which are basically,
you ever use ChatGPT or Claude or
anything and
they have a thumbs up on a response?
You'd be like cool, this was good, or
this was bad, and you can explain why?
The reason they'd have that is because
what you're doing is you're labeling
data for them so
they can use that in an evaluation
that they have set up on ChatGPT.
They're evaluating it, but the best way to
evaluate something is to have some data,
and you'll see in a minute,
where you can say, here is the input, and
here was the expected output,
and here's the actual output.
And with those three things,
you can check that against tons of
different metrics to determine whether or
not the system is doing good.
So the part that they're missing
is the expected output, and
that's what the thumbs up and
thumbs down is.
If you put thumbs down, then you didn't
expect that, if you put thumbs up,
that is exactly what you expected.
So they can use that to help
them create data sets for
their evaluation cuz that's probably
the hardest part, I think or
the most time-consuming part,
I think, not the hardest part.
The hardest part is coming up with
metrics, so different types of metrics.
This is where all
the science is happening.
I read some of this stuff every day,
and I have no idea what any of it is,
it's just beyond me,
it's like research scientists level stuff.
But for the most part there are things
there that you can grok and
understand to use to
help you check things.
So you have things like response
quality metrics, these are things
that measure coherence,
relevance, toxicity, classifiers.
So, for instance, you might have an LLM,
a smaller LLM that you use to test things,
and then production,
you go to something bigger.
So you wanna check if the responses
of the smaller LLM generates
answers to the questions and whether or
not they're relevant before you go
to a bigger LLM or even vice versa.
So it's like checking the relevance of
a question, tasks completion verification.
This is a really good one, this is just
ensuring that your agent went all the way
through a workflow and did a thing.
For instance,
if we were generating an image,
I would wanna know that
if given this input,
it went all the way through the right
steps that I thought it was gonna do.
It went through an approval, the approval
said, yes, it went through and
the next thing that did was call
the generate tool function.
It generated the tool
based off this output, and
then it responded back with this,
so the whole flow, right?
I wanna be able to know that it did that
based on this input that I gave it, and
I can come up with different inputs.
Whether they're user defined ones that
I log or synthetic ones that I made,
which is something you'll
probably start with.
And tool accuracy is just a smaller
step in that of just being like,
did you call the right tool at the right
time and interpret the outputs correctly?
So something that I realized
a lot in production is,
if the more tools you give one LLM,
the worse it gets at picking the tool.
So then there's different
strategies on how to break that up.
Do I have multiple LLMS,
each with a group of tools?
Do I have an intent classifier that's in
front of this LLM and that LLM job is to
decide what tool to pick so the LLM
doesn't have to, they could just run it?
There's so many things you can do there.
And then even if the tool was decided
correctly, and it was executed and you fed
the answer back to the LLM, it still might
get the answer wrong for some reason.
If you have a tool that
gets the current time, and
it returns the current time, and
then LLM still gives you an answer for
the wrong time, then, yeah,
you would wanna fix that part.
That would be something you
would wanna email like,
why is the question answering part of my
system really bad when the retrieval and
the tool accuracy is really good?
So what's going on there?
So you would have to take that
part out and run an eval for it.
So it really is like doing science, and
that's the best way I can describe it.
Dataset creation, I talked about it
a little bit, at the end of the day,
there's really just, I don't know, there's
two main ways, there might be a third way.
You either create synthetic data,
so you just make up the data.
Some of the stuff is actually
really easy to make up for,
we'll be making up our data today.
Cuz, for instance,
if I know my agent can generate images and
I know if I ask it to generate an image,
it should select the generate image tool,
then I can just make data
sets that are inputs of
users asking to generate some type of
image and whatever phrases I want.
I can even ask an AI to come up
with those inputs for me and
put them in there, right?
I could also have an AI generate
inverse inputs, give me some inputs
that a user might say that has nothing
to do with generating an image, so
I can eval that my agent
doesn't call this tool, right?
So those are examples of synthetic
data where you kinda know, so
you just make some of them.
The other way is obviously getting data
from users in real world scenario.
So if it's a chat app,
if it's just an input bar that you have
that's a one-off thing, you lock those,
you capture those inputs, and then you
can use those as a golden data set.
And then if you offer that ability for
a user to give feedback on the output,
whether or not this was good or not, now
you have the expected output to go along
with it,
very similar to what I said with ChatGPT.